 What is your full name?
 How old are you?
 Where are you from?
 What kind of place is it?
 Is there anything you don't like about your town?
 What places are near where you live?
 Could you describe your house and the rooms in it?
 Which is your favorite place at home and why?
 Would you rather live in a big city or in the country? Why?
 Could you tell me about your family?
 How many people are in your family? / Who do you live with?
 Would you like your own apartment?
 Is it a noisy household?
 Do you help with chores?
 How do you share housework in your family?
 What are some things your family usually does together?
 How are weekdays different from weekends in your family's life?
 Could you tell me about your best friend?
 What is important about a friend for you?
 What do you do?
 What do you like most about your job?
 Could you tell me about the job you would like to have in the future?
 What are your plans for the future?
 What is your favorite color/food/singer/sport?
 What do you admire about them? (e.g., the singer)
 Do you have any pets?
 What is its name? How old is it?
 Do you like to watch movies?
 What do you usually eat for breakfast, lunch, and dinner?
 What kind of restaurant do you like?
 What do you usually order?
 How healthy is your lifestyle? What should you do differently?
 Do you prefer traditional restaurants or fast-food places? Why?
 What are your hobbies?
 How often do you play sports?
 How long have you been doing that?
 Do you need any special equipment?
 Could you tell me about a movie you have seen recently?
 Could you tell me about your family's TV viewing habits?
 What are your favorite TV programs and why?
 Which do you prefer: watching a film on TV or at the cinema? Why?
 What is an ordinary weekday of yours like?
 How are your weekdays different from weekends and holidays?
 How do you usually celebrate your birthday?
 What kind of clothes do you like to wear?
 Do you try to follow the latest fashion?
 Could you tell me about the shopping habits in your family?
 Do you prefer shopping in a small shop or a big supermarket? Why?
 What are your strengths/best skills?
 What are the most important things in your life?
 Do you like to have a busy schedule?
 Why not?
 How often do you go shopping or watch movies?
 What do you do on weekends?
 What did you do last weekend?
 Did you do anything special last Christmas?
 Do you want to travel to another country to study or visit? Why?
 What is your recommended holiday destination?
 What do you like doing when you are on holiday?
 Could you tell me about your dream holiday?
 How do you prepare for a holiday?
 What's your favorite means of transport and why?
 What do you think of the traffic in your area? How would you improve it?
 Have you ever traveled abroad? (Ejemplo)
 Would you like to learn a new skill? (Ejemplo)
 What do you think about remote work? (Ejemplo)
 What do you do to protect the environment?
 What kind of weather do you like the most?
 Which season of the year do you like best?
 How is life easier nowadays than in the past?
 How do technological devices make your family's life easier?
 What technological device would you not like to live without? Why?
 What do you think you will be doing in 10 years?
